good morning everyone
today as promised
also eat by winners of the queen contest learn first
excuse me
I don't know if you think I am
we were missing pimple
mammoth just returned from work
Ilicic,
twenty years to use the winners as soon as possible because
me next Monday
that the nobel, if I am not mistaken, will leave for the children
and so I would like to be able to send the first two
before leaving so as not to have to wait until
at the end of August, of course, this is compatible with your secret children
video
in recipe time
then first of all
as the right I would like to thank everyone for participating in this competition
thanks also to the other contests cursed because I didn't
I will never tire of repeating it
heheh
it's really very very funny
but funny sense that makes you laugh funny without too much
eh satisfies the
and it's nice for me
see video review because I like to see our commitment I like to see
your creativity low fantasy
and I have to say that this competition was really a lot
I loved all the videos you sent me smoking me for a reason or for
another
instead of making the usual drawings of love that actually
think about it I am
they are always a little repetitive
in the sense that I who knows you because I have not been led by me is not
liked
I would like to thank you all one by one
it's a form
let the two winners last
d then
thank you susy viola it cost of guarding because apple computer and iris
inika love I will never remember
so thank sibiola for his interpretation of modern law
I thank Miss Testicles her 3 videos of participations you
congratulations for transformism because it is always different
eheheh congratulations email
rai to show why it was intended for chemistry
congratulations to scallonisi
silicea so
technorete vinovo juve won
congratulations and thanks to 13
always fake colors you know he has a weakness
and then you are always too strong
congratulations and thanks to paruzzaro
for starry health. portable
say that not challenged by you to do something so simple but effective
compliments angela the nartelle
100 murals
facial
compliments having tele2 inter images in what struck me most is
it was certainly that of the incredible alienated
it is a thank you to
christian bach
I'm just running away from you
erp ln the very nice verona arena and above all for the makeup of the
I would never have thought of monnalisa
thanks to all the canals
well i love very much eur william blake is coming as a painter like
illustrator as an engraver the how clean
thanks to
disuria 1971 I lost interpretation of leopard thanks to you franci blue eyse
because I didn't know how to greet the translator especially for the proposals
for the musical choice of god exists I love very much
thanks iraa bolca scale
interesting big
linneo
slow even if the one that I liked the most beautiful the first than the fact
the one of
i ansa.it if you read like this
women love to be
thank you so much cam4 8 0 7 for your interpretation of kandisky very many
you have chosen to stretch to contemporary art and thank you also for
this is because the reality honneur are not
a great lover of contemporary art and I know I should
books learn to appreciate it more then thanks to two months
I feel like I am the closest bitonto so at least
thanks let me pay attention to your gothic interpretations and then you are
gorgeous
and thanks pandaplastique
because I know that
participate in this competition
a mac and it cost you but I understand you because I too don't like to do tricks
in short, they are fanciful
I don't feel very worn
that
here's what often happens so thanks
thank you axil vero 115
because it feels so cute
as you will have guessed if you have done two accounts who remained outside and
saint peter aisa
nicoletta santa enclave
msg of you second prize
it's a changing country
I would like to change both of them because obviously and I have to say
tochiba texts wonderful and beautiful photographs
but if I have to be honest, talent planning has surprised me the most
the one dedicated to rocco
if we say so
I don't know with the absence of color those I really liked really shiny
very very much
and so congratulations you are the second ranked nothing
and as the first classified I can do no more than full claudia nicoletta
santana
with is this wonderful interpretation of the la mona lisa
hehe
I was without a universal optical power supply
but the moon is wonderful
a hand
nicoletta santa points of sale link you are my first classified
as you see in the first video
It is a right to choose oval penis game to have won the first floor wall
variant of rita to choose
of the 4 enamels then
he will not be able to communicate the address
like africa is also communicate to me
what color of these glazes do you prefer
eea punto evo gray and pink e
green ebook
so two of these help us friends
if I repeat, thank you very much to all the two winners, contact me as soon as possible
switch off
Indian based rice where I can ship first
but to leave for approx. I'd like to make me wait too long
thanks thanks thanks and congratulations again you there
at the next competition